hello I'm Emmet I'm just gonna come
right out I have no idea what's going on
at all
my fellow master-builders including but
not limited to Superman Wonder Woman the
mermaid green ninja 1980-something space
guy Michelangelo Michelangelo and the
2002 NBA all-stars we have learned that
Lord business plans to end the world as
we know it there is yet one hope the
special has arisen I think I got it but
just in case tell me the whole thing
again I wasn't listening
[Applause]
relax everybody I'm here back man could
you make one of these in orange
I'd only work in black and sometimes
very very dark gray
[Music]
hey pal I hate to tell you this but I
don't think you're supposed to be here
well I guess I'm gonna have to report
you
[Music]
no wait wait up
you